React is a framework for building user interfaces
React is Composable
React helps in Code Reusability
React creates Single Page Applications effectively

MPA - Multipage application - Reloads whole page when user interacts with the app
SPA - Single Page application - Loads only one HTML document and parts of document is updated using Javascript API's

React is a declarative language. 


DOM - Document Object Model
Virtual DOM - 
Copy of DOM React keep in memory. Whenever we make any change, it will not change the Real DOM, it will change only the Virtual DOM.
Later the changes will be reflected back to real DOM. Only the changes will be rerendered, not the whole tree.

JSX - Javascript + HTML
Babel is a compiler which converts JSX to Javascript


Component - Whole UI can be splitted into Components. We can declare components by two ways. Functional Components and Class based Components

Named export - Can export any number of things, import with curly bracket
Default export - Can export only one thing, Import without curly bracket

State - Any change in the state re-render the UI

Reconciliation - Finding difference between real dom and virtual dom
and determining which part to be changed.

Props - It is a object that is passed to component


useReducer hook - It is more advanced and complex way of managing state. It works with a reducer function that will take previous state and action
as an argument and will then return the next state.


Why useReducer?

When components have lot of state variables and state updates, spread across many event handlers all over the component
When multiple state updates need to happen at the same time 
When updating one piece of state depends on one or multiple other pieces of state

const [state,dispatch] = useReducer(reducer,initialState)

We call useReducer with reducer function and initialState
stores related peices of state in state object
useReducer needs reducer function containig all logic to update states. Decouples state logic fron component
reducer is a function that takes current state, action and returns next state
state's are immutable, so it always return a new state based on action
action is a object that describes how to update the state
dispatch is a function to trigger state updates by sending actions from event handlers to reducers
 